Mrs. Zhan
I know you warriors have the right to cover the sky with one hand
But you always know when you do this
Will the war council tolerate you touching the people around him?
I'm a little assistant and I'm a novice
But if you move, I'm making a stand for the total reason
You take yourself too seriously.
I gave birth to my son in October
Can you turn your back on me for a little assistant?
Madam Station
Then you should know more about Zhan Total Happiness
And what exactly are you afraid of?
Would make it so difficult for me, a little assistant?
Miss Song Si goes back
Madam, are you really worried?
The station manager is speaking to you for a little assistant
Humph
Little assistant
You must have underestimated him.
He is the woman the old lady asked Beiting to marry
What!
The affair is the woman we've been looking for for a long time
The old lady is afraid that I will trouble that woman.
Protect her well
I've tried everything for over a year
I can't find out who is getting married in Beijing
Humph
That's a coincidence.
I checked him as an assistant